Mr. Su, you are here,
Congratulations in advance to Mr. Su, and here’s to Yahui,
As a result, the power can be guaranteed. This is really Mr. Su’s cage art.
Beyond the cage of Wang Dian's cage,
Above the light and brave, it can be said that it is not like the first-class cage,
There is a smelly Baoan in Hexi,
It doesn't matter where you are.
Baoan? Mr. Su, he is just a careless little Baoan,
Of course I don’t know that your resources are expensive, and I don’t intend to benefit from them.
Please don't argue with him.
Jiang Han, it is impossible for Mr. Su to apologize yet.
Don't be aggressive
does he know
This medicine meeting is for us
What an assistant
Our Jiangcheng
All aristocratic precepts
Just rely on becoming a dragon today
If this bastard is still here
Offended that person a lot
Not only can't become a dragon
Moreover, the adult eyes are all the way
all our families
It can be good and bad at the same time
He is the father of the world's only dragon king
In the habit of sin but
Please don’t be left alone like this.
You don’t know that Feng Hand’s Feng Hand is Feng Hand’s
Feng Hand’s Feng Hand is Feng Hand’s
Feng Shou, are you talking about a picture?
Killed
rich-handed
This one will have me
Today is Fengshou
Don't let him plead for mercy. It's okay.
You are worried about Feng Shou's little fist
If my whole family is fierce
If you add a city to you and
He broke a big shot
Prepared for the art industry
Today you will be the boss of Pi Feng
One skill oil
You are the effective oil
you heard what they said
You said you wouldn’t have such an important Yanhui
It counts if you stop the first-hand doctrine
You have to buy it for a lifetime
So dark for the master
When did you ask me to cause damage?
Now I'm asking for help
You repaired our heirloom wrongly
And there is no hope that our rights will benefit you
Just let Xiao Su do what you want and you will get it
What are the female regulations? Listen to it
Everyone can see it
You ruined my Yan Hui you
Just feel free to romance relatives and friends
I just forgot about it
That's what destruction is
Everyone is watching